 
John, 22 Ecliptic Space installs the game.

He starts the game

He sees a title screen display (2D Art), he presses enter to start the game

Black screen => melted.

The player is in a very small space (a pod of cryonics), he sees the light
through the small glass pod. Shortly after, the light pod is activated, the
sliding door of the pod is half-open. The player finds himself in a dark room,
the only light source comes from another door (the one leading to the control
center). He heads for the door, and saw a panel on the side of the door that
would open the door. The panel asks for a code. He tries to tapper a random
code, access is denied.

He looks around him and stands in the shadows 3 other doors. He sees a faint
light from a parts (storage room). He heads for the door of the storage room and
presses the button panel that is located next to it. The door opens. He enters
the room, the room is very dark, he distinguishes the ground already a
flashlight on. He picks up the torch and light areas of the room. There is an
inscription on the wall (human writing / blood) is a 3 digit code, he
understands that this code should open the door to the control room.

He goes to the door of the control room and returned the 3 digit code on the
panel. The door opens, entering the cockpit, all the lights are reactivated, a
screen appears on the ship's porthole. An artificial intelligence awakens, she
tells him that the ship fails, and must repair the engine. AI tells him she
opened the hatch leading to the engine room. The player comes in and the engine
room, there is smoke everywhere, everything is dark, only allows his flashlight
to illuminate areas of the room. He realizes that the energy block of the main
motor is dead, he removed, he picks up a block of nine energy found on the floor
and places it in the engine block for this purpose. The lights in the engine
room are reactivated. Artificial intelligence tells him that the engines are
operational again.

The player returns to the cockpit. The AI ​​appears on the screen an image of
the Earth and tells him that she forgot the coordinates of the Earth (+
background story blah blah). The AI ​​displays a map (of the galaxy?) And tells
her that she spotted a body in a region of space. It appears the coordinates of
the area of ​​space. The player sees another panel is in the cockpit and enables
him to enter the coordinates he has just seen. The player returns the
coordinates, valid, the ship shakes and starts. The player sees the stars to
scroll through the porthole of the ship, he realizes that the ship moves.

During the trip, the AI ​​tells him he must be equipped with a combination
before going out into space. She indicates that the combination is in the
storage room and she has just released his pod conservation. The player goes
into the storage room, sees the combination and puts it on. A GUI is displayed
on the visor of the suit. The AI ​​then indicates that the ship is soon arrived.
The player can then go into the cockpit and wait for the ride. Once the ship
stopped, AI says it has activated the airlock leading to the decompression room.
The player can distinguish it has landed on a space station. He enters the
airlock decompression, the door closes behind him, the light illuminating the
room changes from red to green after a few seconds. The door leading to the
outside of the vessel is opened. The player realizes that he can leave the ship.
He sees a desolate area, disused, the space station is in poor condition. The AI
​​of the ship shows the player thanks to its combination, it has detected a
source of life on the station.